Goblins were spotted recently. Probably attacted by the new dungeon. Monsters have a better feel for the movements of mana than humans do. Cooperating with dungeons will do that. Supposedly the best mages are born in dungeons, but I don't put much stock in that myself. Seems like more of a monster thing to me. Bad news for us in any case. Either the dungeon asccepts theem and it becomes far more dangerous, or it rejects them and we now have a hungry goblin tribe right outside town. Wish we could just get rid of them all, but goblin wars never go well. You can kill their scouts and hunters just fine, but the second you attack the tribe proper, you're a dead man. Goblin wars are always bloody for both sides. We always win in the end, but it's not worth the cost.

---

So, these goblins seem fun. Always scurying around like mice. Except bigger. And green. And not as cute. Ok, maybe not like mice. Still adorable tho. Seems like there's a few dozon roaming around here. they set up a bunch of tesnts nearby. pretty well hidden too. I wsoulkdnt even have notices if I couldnt see through solid rock. they mostly seem like hunters and gatherers. lots of berries and nuts in their diet, with the occationbal small mammmal. thry eat a lot more lizards than anything eelse, for whatever reasson. maybe they like the color? they do look sorta similar, but goblins are very obviously mammals. I saw one give birth, and I really wish I didn't. very gross. they have tools of some description. mostly rocks and rocks tied to sticks. I few of them have sharper rocks tied to sticks. so fierceome. a few of them like to wander through the caves. they can definitely sence me though, sicne they always seem excited when they touch my bubble. Two of them arte exceptyionally dilegent about searchging the daves. I decided they get the honor of being directly wwatched by me. That definitely got their spirits up. they seemed like they went into hunting mode, racing through the tunnels until they stopped just inside one of the entrances. yep, definitely hunting. they don't seem interested in the nbearby lizards though. They heard something and got their stone tools ready. They took a quick peek and they like what they see. Not quite in my field of vission yet, but that doesn't sound like a deer or anything. and there they are. Oh no, it's a person. what am I supposed to do now?
