Choose a species

I awake to those words in my field of vision. Which is odd, because I don't remember going to sleep. Nor do I remember being ddisembodied in a featureless void. I guess I died or something? Huh, I thought I would care more about that. Oh well.

HUman
Elf
Dwarf
Halfling
BEastkin

The list starts with some normal humanoid fantasy races. I already did the human thing, so that's out. I don't know enough about anything else's culture or chracteristiucs to pick anything else too similar.

angel
demon
horror

I have an inkling of what those are, but I dont trust the instincts that would come with those. Being forced to protect righteousness sounds like it would get old fast, but I dont want to become somewhere's apocalyse either.

dungeon core

Dig a hole, gather power and materials, no strong instincts beyond self-preservation. Yeah, this'll work.

dungeon core selected. prepare for rebirth.

I fall alseep again.

---

Rebirth complete. Good luck with your new life.

Ok, so I guess I'm a pearl now. A harder gem would have been nice. Blue boxes should mean there is a system, right? Status! ... Menu! ... Help? ... Guess it's not that kind of system. At least I know how to eat and breathe. Cycle mana in and out. Absorb dirt. Keep good stuff. Expell the bad stuff. Oh neat, the dirt came out as a perfect cube. What is this, Minecraft? I can't really identify what I ate. Um, iron ore, maybe? I expell it to see if I can identify it by sight. That's a much smaller cube. Heavy, shiny, grayish-silver. I have no idfea what this is. Reabsorb! I have no idea what I'm eating, but it sure is fun to do. Can I move my own body? ... Nope. Can I absorb directly underneath myself? That works. What about at an angle? rolling down slopes works. also that didn't hurt when I hit the bottom, so either I'm really small, or I'm more durable than I thought. What about going up? Expelling directly underneath myself seems to work. Free movement is totally possible. There doesn't seem to be any "area control" thing going on eeither. This is gonna be fun.

---

Local adventurers reported a disturbance in the ambient mana. That probably means a dungeon, but we can't find the entrence. there are some obviously unnatural saves around, but they still have regular mana, not the controlled feel of a dungeon. The mana wind seems to blow in random directions within the caves, so the dungeon is somewhere in there, but it hasn't manefested an entrence for whatever reason. We even tried mioning into the walls where the mana felt like it was being absorded, but there was nothing there but more stone. I don't like this. You don't live long as an adventureer witthout recognizing when tyhings are beyond your ability, and that's defnitely what this is.

---

Turns out I don't even need to be where I dig. I don't much like being out in the open, but if I just absorb in front and expell behind, I can just go where I want without even leaving a trail. I'm not really sure where I am though.
